# unit15assessmentMAIN

I have produced designs for a website that meet client requirements. The design I have produced is a wireframe, with 4 different pages, 5 including the privacy policy. The client requirements included: A profile of the company itself, profiles of existing trainee web developers, job specifications and required qualifications, an on-line application form, and links to web development courses. In my wireframe I believe I have included each one of these client requirements. The first page is more of a main page, but also covers the objective of making a profile of the company, It has an image of the company, then a discription, and as a filler near the bottom is links to web development courses which also covers another objective but I felt like it was little enough to not need it's own page but I also included it on another page not just this. Also, every single page has the company logo at the top, a hamburger logo in the top right, and a link to the privacy policy at the bottom. Moving onto the second page, it covers the objective of showing off the existing trainees, so it has all 3 trainee images and descriptions, while at the top it has a bit of an introduction. The third page covers the job specifications and required qualifications objective, it contains a little introduction at the top, then a little lower is web design role description, and little lower is web developer role description, and near the bottom again is the links to web development courses so it kind of reminds the viewer as they view all the pages.
